feat(start_nominating): add rebond guide (#60)
galacticcouncil/HydraDX-docs: docs/start_nominating.md

  <img src={useBaseUrl('/nominator-guide/nominate-validator-2.png')} />
</div>  

## 05 Rebond funds {#05-rebond-funds}

> If you accidentally unbonded your HDX tokens and don't want to wait the 28 days unbonding period you can rebond the tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have accidentally unbonded your HDX tokens, you can rebond them before the waiting period of 28 days has lapsed.
```

> To do so, open Polkadot/apps and navigate to:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, open Polkadot/apps and navigate to *Developer* > *Extrinsics*. Alternatively, you can follow this link:

https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Frpc-01.snakenet.hydradx.io#/extrinsics
```

> *Developer* > *Extrinsics*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Select your account in the _using the selected account_ dropdown.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your account in the _using the selected account_ dropdown.  After that, you need to fill out the following information:

* **extrinsics**: staking
* **action**: rebond_value
* **value**: here you need to enter the amount of HDX you want to rebond.
```

> At _submit the following extrinsic_ you will select _staking_ in the first dropdown and _rebond(value)_ in the second.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In the _value_ field you will input the amount of HDX tokens you accidentally unbonded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> You should have filled the form similar like shown in the following picture:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <img src={useBaseUrl('/nominator-guide/rebond.png')} />
</div>

> If everything is set correctly you can submit the extrinsic by clicking the _Submit Transaction_ button and confirm it by hitting the _Sign and Submit_ button in the popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything is set correctly you can submit the extrinsic by clicking the _Submit Transaction_ button and sign the transaction in the Polkadot.js extension. Once completed, the selected amount of HDX should be rebonded.
```
